Responsibilities
Be responsible for the deployment and operation of Google's Fiber to the Home (FTTH) build in a metropolitan area.
Lead all Deployment and Operational team members within a metropolitan area.
Ensure alignment between different parts of the customer network deployment from design all the way to service delivery.
Ensure the best local network is designed, built, and maintained with speed and within cost targets.
Work with the City Manager to ensure business targets are met.
Coordinate with city officials, jurisdictional authorities and utility representatives.
Manage proposals, bids, scope definition, engineering design cycles and design review and approvals for a FTTH network,
specifically, the selection of EPC vendors.
Develop and grow a talented team of deployment Googlers.

Minimum qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Economics, Management, Engineering, Telecommunications or a closely related field,
or equivalent practical experience.
Experience in managing a team and motivating towards hitting targets.
Management experience in driving contractor performance.

Preferred qualifications
MBA or advanced degree.
10 years of experience with fiber network deployments, including experience with constructing new outside and
inside plant fiber infrastructure, and 5 years of experience with FTTH infrastructure.
Demonstrated leadership and people management experience.
Experience developing requests for proposal (RFPs), scheduling projects, cost engineering, budgeting and
forecasting costs, reporting project status and costs, procurement and in negotiating with contractors and vendors.
#Working knowledge of inside and outside plant fiber optic network infrastructure, make ready, permitting,
#engineering design and construction.
Knowledge of network drawings, route maps and scopes of work, interpreting fiber test results
and auditing projects for compliance with scopes of work.
Familiarity with GPON and Ethernet optical access technologies.
Familiarity with #DWDM optical transport systems.
Familiarity with other network transmission protocols and in-home network architecture.

Area
At Google, we're always trying to provide our users with the fastest services possible.
Google Fiber works to go the very last mile, providing fiber-optic Internet connections directly to users' homes.
We're building one of the fastest networks in America so that users can experience the future of broadband
because we know that your Internet connection can never be too fast.